Add documentation for implementing wallet additions (#17070)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: docs/adding-wallets.md

  swaps: true,
  layer_2: true,
  gas_fee_customization: true,
  ens_support: true,
  erc_20_support: true,
  buy_crypto: false,
  withdraw_crypto: false,
  multisig: false,
  social_recovery: false,
  onboard_documentation: "https://docs.wallet.com/",
  documentation: "https://docs.wallet.com/developers",
  supported_chains: ["Ethereum Mainnet", "Base", "Arbitrum One"],  // Optional
},
```

### Supported Chains

The optional `supported_chains` field must use **exact chain names** from `src/data/chains.ts`. Common examples:
- `"Ethereum Mainnet"` (chainId: 1)
- `"OP Mainnet"` (chainId: 10) - Note: NOT "Optimism"
- `"Arbitrum One"` (chainId: 42161)
- `"Base"` (chainId: 8453)
- `"Polygon zkEVM"` (chainId: 1101)
- `"zkSync Mainnet"` (chainId: 324)
- `"Linea"` (chainId: 59144)
- `"Scroll"` (chainId: 534352)

Always verify chain names against `src/data/chains.ts` before adding.

### Languages Supported

Use ISO 639-1 two-letter codes. Common codes:
- `en` - English
- `zh` - Chinese
- `es` - Spanish
- `ko` - Korean
- `ja` - Japanese
- `fr` - French
- `de` - German
- `pt` - Portuguese
- `tr` - Turkish
- `ru` - Russian

## Step 3: Verify the Implementation

### TypeScript Validation

> Run the build to check for type errors:

Reviewer: Same as above, would recommend `npx tsc --noEmit`

```suggestion
Run the TypeScript analyzer to check for type errors:

```

  telegram: "",
  ios: true,
  android: true,
  linux: false,
  windows: false,
  macOS: false,
  firefox: false,
  chromium: true,
  hardware: false,
  open_source: true,
  repo_url: "https://github.com/rainbow-me/rainbow",
  non_custodial: true,
  security_audit: [],
  scam_protection: true,
  hardware_support: true,
  rpc_importing: true,
  nft_support: true,
  connect_to_dapps: true,
  staking: false,
  swaps: true,
  layer_2: true,
  gas_fee_customization: true,
  ens_support: true,
  erc_20_support: true,
  buy_crypto: true,
  withdraw_crypto: false,
  multisig: false,
  social_recovery: false,
  onboard_documentation: "https://learn.rainbow.me/",
  documentation: "",
  supported_chains: ["Ethereum Mainnet", "Base", "Arbitrum One", "OP Mainnet"],
},
```

## Checklist

Before submitting a PR:

- [ ] Image file exists at `public/images/wallets/{name}.png`
- [ ] Image is PNG format with transparent background
- [ ] Import statement added and alphabetically ordered
- [ ] All required fields populated in wallet data object
- [ ] `last_updated` set to today's date
- [ ] Chain names match exactly with `src/data/chains.ts`
- [ ] Platform flags accurately reflect wallet availability

> - [ ] `pnpm build` succeeds without errors

Reviewer: Similar to above, in particular for LLM jobs, asking it to run `pnpm build` will add bloat. `npx tsc --noEmit` should suffice for the vast majority of issues we encounter. If that passes, I'd say Netlify can then do the actual building part.

```suggestion
- [ ] `npx tsc --noEmit` succeeds without errors
```

Reviewer: Perhaps an optional step for any other contributors to actually run a full `pnpm build` and preview to ensure completion and accuracy.
